---
layout: post
title: "The dung's really gonna hit the motorized cooling..."
tags: politics rants delay national
published: true
permalink: the-dung
date: 2005-04-07
---

As news breaks that the Schiavo memo was released by the hand picked Republican senator from Florida, Mel Martinez, what is more interesting is who is falling on the sword.  One Brian Darling, formerly of the Alexander Strategy Group.  Martinez is playing dumb, saying he doesn't support the sentiments behind the memo, and it was an inadvertent release.
 Sounds good for CNN, but with a quick glance around the web, I see that lo and behold, the <a href="http://alexanderstrategy.com/buckham.asp">Alexander Strategy Group </a>is a lobbying group founded by Ed Buckham and Tom Rudy.  Who are these two men you ask?  Well Buckham is a former Chief of Staff for Tom Delay, and Rudy was deputy Chief of Staff, as well as press secretary for Delay.  Remember the recent story about Delay's wife on the payroll of his PAC?   Guess what, oh yeah, she's been paid by ASG as well.  And guess who was one of their biggest clients, you got it Enron.  Not to mention, ASG is one of the lobby groups Delay has gotten himself into hot water with in recent years with questionable travel details.
But back to Brian Darling.  As a board member <a href="http://www.votors.org/content.aspx?ccategoryid=24&acctid=105">here</a> he boasts of his work on the Elian Gonzalez case, yet another individual family issue exploited for political gain.  Hell, Martinez may have won South Florida with the manipulation that case created.
So anyone with half a brain would have to be able to draw the connection between Delay and all his grandstanding on the Schiavo case with Darling and the memo, wouldn't they?  Unfortunately, I'm not so sure.
